---
layout: single
title:  "My Story"
date:   2021-06-05 20:59:41 -0230
categories: blog
---

In 2006 I was working in the fitness/healthcare world as a Kinesiologist when I got word that I had not been accepted to the Physiotherapy program I had applied to. As an early 20-something, I hadn’t really known stress until that moment in my life. My path for the next 2 years had been bulldozed and I had nothing else planned.

Suddenly, I began to notice when I went to sleep at night, it wasn’t just my thoughts that were keeping me awake, it was also this weird urge to kick my legs, to move, to get out of bed and walk around, jump, stretch. Night after night I would get frustrated and wildly kick at my blankets - I’m pretty sure there was some screaming as well.

On a routine visit with my doctor after months of sleepless nights, she asked if there was anything else she could help me with. “Well, I feel a little crazy bringing this up, but when I get into bed at night, I get this creepy crawly feeling in my legs. Like I have to move them or get out of bed entirely and walk around.” I fully expected her to look at me sideways and ask me nicely to leave.

BUT after a few additional questions she diagnosed me with something called Restless Legs Syndrome. 

A DIAGNOSIS! That meant there was a treatment, right?! Unfortunately no. At that time her best suggestion was to try to better manage my stress.

A few days later I got a call from my physiotherapy school - a spot had opened up and I was next on the waitlist if wanted it. I had 4 weeks to secure tuition money, pack up my life and move to another province before classes started.  So much for managing my stress!

In the 15 years since I’ve done a lot of personal research and have tried many a home remedy. Some work, some don’t. What works for me, may not work for you. What worked last night, may not work tonight. What I HAVE learned, is that there is always more to learn, and I want WELL RESTED to be a place we can all come to learn, share, question and cope!

HERES HOPING FOR RESTFUL LEGS!
